In this video, we're going to take a deep
dive into the SOC of the 410 chip and
what's in the 410 chip, just so
you know all of the resources
you have available.
The basic processing core for
the Snapdragon 410 is a Quad Core CPU.
This is a 64-bit CPU
running at 1.2 gigahertz.
And all four cores can run at
different speeds or at the same speed,
depending on your compute load.
And in fact, the system will dynamically
compute what your compute load is and
adjust the speeds of each
of the cores appropriately.
Another major block here is a GPU,
which gives you graphics processing,
allowing you to render triangles and
very complex scenes.
Anything that you would see on a cellphone
while playing a game can be done
by this GPU.
The hardware also includes
video encode and decode,
which means that incoming
video streams from the cameras
can be encoded down to MP3 or H264 videos.
And then the hardware can also decode
those videos using very little CPU time.
More features include a hexagon DSP,
which allows you to run DSP programs and
do audio processing, or
video processing on the DSP.
The chip includes very sophisticated
power management, and in fact,
it has a separate processor to
do nothing but power management.
This power management allows us to keep
the total power consumption to a minimum
depending on your compute load.
External connectivity to this chip,
the chip has built into it Bluetooth,
WiFi, and GPS circuitry.
The connections external use a small front
end to down mix the signals to lower
frequencies, and then all of the GPS
processing, the WiFi processing, and
the Bluetooth processing
happens in the chip.
The Snapdragon 410 also has a USB
connection which allows it to communicate
with the outside world, allowing you to
connect peripherals, such as USB cameras,
keyboards, mice, almost any USB device
you would normally connect to a laptop.
The output from the board, so
that you can connect a video monitor,
is HDMI and the HDMI processing is handled
directly on the board and by the chip.
The chip has two camera inputs that can
run two video streams simultaneously,
and can, in fact, encode both
video streams simultaneously and
store them to files, allowing you to do
significant video processing on the chip.
We also have outputs for an LCD display.
Although at this instant there
are no available LCD modules,
they will be available soon.
And finally,
connected to the chip is memory.
So we have eMMC memory,
which is storage for your programs.
So eMMC memory is this chip.
That chip is also a multi-chip
module containing DRAM, so
there's 1 GB of DRAM and 8 GB of eMMC
memory, which is plenty to hold your
operating system, your programs, and
do the things that you want to do.
The board is also capable of
connecting to an SD card.
So if there's not enough storage in
8 gigabytes, you can put in a 64 or
128 gigabyte SD card and
really improve your total storage.
So this gives you an idea of all of
the features that are available inside
the chipset, and
what you can do with them.
For the resources, we have the usual
places, the Qualcomm Developer Network
in which you can browse through
the development network.
You will actually find the data sheet for
this processor chip.
Finally, I'm going to talk
about the connectivity,
all of the things that are connected to
the Snapdragon 410 that we haven't really
discussed as part of the chip set.
So we have the USB host ports.
We have the USB debug ports, and
we have the MIPI-CSI ports which are for
connection to cameras.
We also have an audio codec
that allows the chip to
connect to microphones, and
speakers, and headsets.
And the audio codec is part of the PMIC,
which is the Power Management IC,
which actually turns the voltage up and
down to the Snapdragon and
turns off sections or
turns on sections as they're needed.
We also start getting into some of
the other things that are used for
connectivity.
We have I2C ports, SPI ports, I2S ports,
UR2 ports, and these allow connections of
what we'll call low speed peripherals.
There's an entire bank of low
speed peripheral connections, and
they're all brought to the surface of the
DragonBoard on the low speed connector.
We also have GPIOs, so we can do a simple
things like turning lights on and off,
turning relays on and off, or
sensing a single push button, or
anything simple for connectivity.
So this gives you a huge ecosystem
of things that you can add to
the DragonBoard to build up your
system and build your dreams.